Okay, so the thing is that I want to discuss an idea with you, and I will tell you what your role is, okay? So basically this idea comes from my desi mother, and the thing is that I get annoyed by a question, आज क्या बनाऊँ? which means what to make today. And the thing is that I am a really picky eater, and also the thing is that she wants me to have a good diet and a balanced diet. What I need is a website which will also be responsive to work on mobile, mobile phone. So the thing is that what I want is, what I really want is that, for example, the app tells, and I will integrate Supabase free tier into it so that she can log in and her choices will be saved into it. The thing is that what it will store is that, for example, it will store biryani as an option. It will store chicken karahi, mutton karahi, beef karahi, all the desi foods that we eat. It can, aloo, gajar, matar, and stuff. For example, if she is checking which thing that I ate today, which thing to eat today, the app will tell some recommendations. We can also make some favorites, that for example, my chicken pilau is my favorite. So when, for example, today is Monday, and she checks, and favorites will be shown among the first chicken pilau, chicken biryani, mutton karahi, and then in the lesser, it will be shown chana ki dal, moongi ki dal, and also bhindi and stuff like that. And the thing is what will happen is that, for example, if I select chicken, chicken biryani, or chicken pilau, the thing is that system will say, oh, so this food is rich in carbs and also some protein, and it will, for example, on a regular plate or a regular serving of the item, it will calculate the amount of proteins, carbohydrates, fats, and the total calories that we are consuming per plate. And for example, it will add some recommendations, which can be fruit, or which can be dry fruits, or which can be some vegetables. But that will be the recommendations part, not in the main course. And for example, it can recommend that, oh, that you have eaten chicken pilau today, so you can pair it up with a salad, or you can pair it up with some almonds in the night, badam, which are usually badam in Urdu. So you can pair it up with badam, and I can select that, and on the Monday it will say, for example, that you have eaten chicken pilau, and you took some almonds with it. What I want is that app is to, the major part is आज क्या बनाऊँ, to help her select what to make today. It will also store, for example, that if we have made aloo, aloo anda, and we are eating it with roti, so it will calculate the calories, and it will also, according to the Pakistani dish, it will calculate how many micronutrients are there, magnesium, zinc, and stuff, and it can give recommendations also. And for example, a person who hasn't eaten, for example, food which is rich in iron, the system can recommend him to eat mutton liver, means mutton ki kaleji, which will help him to get those iron and hemoglobin. You can search it up. You can... The basically is that it will keep in mind the daily requirements of an adult and what he likes to eat and make the app, the recommendation system similar to it. What I wanted is basically be responsive to mobile. We can discuss the basic strategy. You will be working as my planner, or major part, the descriptive and the big prompt guy. You will act as that, and you can give me some recommendations what we can do to app, how many pages should be there, and basically it is going to be used by my mom, and you can also tell me what is the approach. Should I also tell my Gemini Google anti-gravity to generate the pics? Because I think that the recommendation system, for example chicken biryani shown with a picture, that will be a better option to select. So the thing is that basically the main core of this app is a recommendation system, but also the UI needs to be good as well. As I said, it should be app responsive and it should store the user data. I will work with Next.js and TypeScript with React on the front end, and I will use Supabase as my major database. So the thing is, I want it to be simple, but I also want that recommendation model to give me some good recommendations. And also one more thing, for example, that I have eaten chicken pilau. Now the recommendation, for example, it can rank good recommendation. For example, now I have eaten chicken pilau, I can pair it up with mutton liver. I can eat mutton liver on the next day, or chicken stew on the next day, or something different. And in the not recommended, for example best recommendation, medium recommendation, not recommended. In the not recommended part it can say chicken pilau, because I have eaten chicken pilau a day before, and eating too much carbs can contribute to urea in my knees. So this is the main core, the main engine of the recommendation system. Now the approach I was talking about, should I, is there a library, or should I tell my Gemini anti-gravity that we will give it a complete list of major main course foods, fruits, vegetables, and dry fruits, and it will generate pictures according to it. And when it will generate pictures, the main recommendation system will be built, and then the UI of this recommendation system will be built, and of course we will integrate it with Supabase. So can you? I want to build this app in, because I will be live coding, so I need to build this app in the least amount of time possible, and make sure that it is also working right, so that my mom can use it. The main language of the app will remain English, but for example for the food names we can say chicken biryani in the English and also in the Urdu in the brackets. These are my things that I want to implement in my app. So can we discuss about it? I have given you such a descriptive prompt, so let's talk about our discussion. Make it descriptive and as elaborative and conceptual as possible.